wbn-sign: Add instructions on how to create encrypted ed25519 key (#853)
WICG/webpackage: js/sign/README.md

-k ~/path/to/ed25519key.pem
```

An unencrypted ed25519 private key can be generated with:

```
openssl genpkey -algorithm Ed25519 -out ed25519key.pem
```

> For production, one should prefer using passphrase-encrypted ed25519
> private key. To do so one can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For better security, one should prefer using passphrase-encrypted ed25519
private keys. To encrypt an unencrypted private key, run:
```

```

> openssl pkcs8 -in ed25519key.pem -topk8 -out encrypted_ed25519key.pem && rm ed25519key.pem

Reviewer: I am a bit scared due to the sneaky `rm` at the end of the line. Maybe it is better to make it more explicit and split it across multiple lines?
```suggestion
# encrypt the key (will ask for a passphrase, make sure to use a strong one)
openssl pkcs8 -in ed25519key.pem -topk8 -out encrypted_ed25519key.pem 
# delete the unencrypted key
rm ed25519key.pem 
```
